Boundary Docs: Configure workers refactor (#3077)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/workers/multi-hop/index.mdx

layout: docs
page_title: Multi-hop sessions
description: >-
  Chain two or more Boundary workers across networks to reach a target without exposing private networks. Compare ingress, intermediate, and egress worker roles.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2026-05-11T10:18:43-04:00
last_modified: 2026-08-10T22:18:18.000Z
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

# Multi-hop sessions

Reaching a target inside a private network usually means opening inbound firewall rules, which many security policies prohibit.
Boundary multi-hop sessions chain two or more workers together.
Each worker connects outbound to the worker above it, which forms a reverse proxy path from the client to the target.

> This lets you reach targets across multiple network enclaves without weakening your security posture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi-hop configurations let you reach targets across multiple network enclaves without weakening your security posture.
```
